log: add error field to Record and make SDK to emit exception attributes (#7924)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Support testing of [Go 1.26]. (#7902)

> - Add `SetError`/`GetError` on `Record` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/log` to attach an error and let the SDK record exception attributes. (#7924)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `Err` and `SetErr` on `Record` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/log` to attach an error and let the SDK record exception attributes. (#7924)
```
